Attach symbols to instances, wires, and regs. (#1044)
llvm/circt: docs/RationaleRTL-SV.md

such, transformations should aim to reduce redundancy, eliminate useless
constructs (e.g. eliminate empty ifdef and if blocks), etc.

## Symbols and Visibility

Verilog has a broad notion of what can be named outside the context of its
declaration.  This is compounded by the many tools which have additional source
files which refer to verilog names (e.g. tcl files).  However, we do not want to
require that every wire, register, instance, localparam, port, etc which can be
named not be touched by passes.  We want only entities marked as public facing
to impede transformation.

For this reason, wires, registers, and instances may optionally define a symbol.
When the symbol is defined, the entity is considered part of the visible
interface and should be preserved in transformation.  Entities without a symbol
defined are considered private and may be changed by transformation.

### Implementation constraints

> Currently, MLIR restricts symbol resolution to looking in and downward though

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, MLIR restricts symbol resolution to looking in and downward through
```

any nested symbol tables when resolving symbols.  This assumption has
implications for verification, the pass manager, and threading.  Until symbol
references are more general, SV and RTL dialects do not define symbol tables for
modules.  Therefore, wires, registers, and interfaces exist in the same
namespace as modules.  It is encouraged that one prefaces the names to avoid
conflict with modules.  The symbol names on these entities has no bearing on the
output verilog, each of these entities has a defined way to assign its name (SSA
value name for wires and regs, a non-optional string for instances).

> As MLIR symbol support improves, it is desired to more to per-module symbol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As MLIR symbol support improves, it is desired to move to per-module symbol
```

tables and to unify names with symbol names.

### Ports

> Module ports are remotely namable entities in Verilog, but are non easily named
> with symbols.  A suggested workaround is to attach a wire to a port and use it's
> symbol for remote references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module ports are remotely namable entities in Verilog, but are not easily named
with symbols.  A suggested workaround is to attach a wire to a port and use its
symbol for remote references.
```
